docs: update readme and mkdocs regarding admitting partial note ids (#218)
0xPolygonMiden/miden-client: README.md

miden-client tx new consume-notes <regular-account-ID-A> <input-note-ID>
```

> This will consume the input note identified by its ID, which you can get by listing them as explained in the previous step. Note that you can consume more than one note in a single transaction. Also, it's possible to provide part of the id instead. For example, instead of `cargo run --release --features testing,concurrent tx new consume-notes <regular-account-ID-A> 0x70b7ecba1db44c3aa75e87a3394de95463cc094d7794b706e02a9228342faeb0` you can do `cargo run --release --features testing,concurrent tx new consume-notes <regular-account-ID-A> 0x70b7ec`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will consume the input note identified by its ID, which you can get by listing them as explained in the previous step. Note that you can consume more than one note in a single transaction. Additionally, it's possible to provide just a prefix of a note's ID. For example, instead of `miden-client tx new consume-notes <regular-account-ID-A> 0x70b7ecba1db44c3aa75e87a3394de95463cc094d7794b706e02a9228342faeb0` you can do `miden-client tx new consume-notes <regular-account-ID-A> 0x70b7ec`. 
```
